Small FAQ.

Q: What's this?
A: It's my set of Lua libraries to help controlling my FreeBSD system
(mainly to get some system info for Awesome widgets).

Q: What OS does it work for?
A: FreeBSD 7.0 and up.

Q: Does it work on FreeBSD only? What about Linux?
A: I wrote it for myself at first, and my primary OS is FreeBSD.
I expect some libs will work for Linux (lmixer), while other will
hardly do so (lsysctl). Well, I never tested all this staff on Linux,
so if you manage to run them on your Linux-box please report me
your OS :)

Q: What all these files for?
A: Libraries I use constantly are:

	* lmixer.c - controls mixer device: get and set volume levels,
	* lsysctl.c - Lua interface to FreeBSD's sysctl(3) system,
	* lmntinfo.c - get info about mounted file systems (I use it to fetch
	  free space on my hdds), interface to FreeBSD's getmntinfo(3) system call,
	* lmpdc.c - Lua interface to MPD (Music Player Daemon), can control playback,
	  set different playback parameters (like looping & random playing),
	  list playlist, get info about current playing song etc.

Q: What about other libs?
A: There're some libs under development state and some helper libs which
you can use to make life simplier:

	* lbit.c - adds bitwise operations to Lua: you can perform bitwise
	  "or", "and", "xor", "not and", "shift left" & "shift right" just like
	  in C (|, &, ^, ! (a & b), <<, >>),
	* lifaddrs.c - interface to FreeBSD's getifaddrs(3) system call - EXPRIMENTAL!,
	* lsocket.c - interface to FreeBSD's socket(2) system - EXPRIMENTAL!,

Q: And what about *.lua files in the repo?
A: Yes, it's examples of usage corresponding libraries!
Feel free to play with them to make out how does all these things work.

Q: Can I see better documentation?
A: Sorry, docs are in C & Lua languages now. Not sure if I ever write some
better docs, but if you manage to do it, email me, I will be very glad to put
it into repository.

Q: I found a bug!
A: Wonderful! Email me bug description, the way of repoduction & a patch
(if possible, of cause). I will try to fix it ASAP.

Q: What about licensing?
A: The whole thing is free! Consider it's under GPL or any compatible license.

Q: How can I contact you?
A: My email is milezv@yandex.ru. Feel free to send feedbacks!
I will be vary glad it my work is required among people.


